Fix JenkinsJobRunsWithinTimePeriod include and exclude filters (#7173)
ICTU/quality-time: docs/src/changelog.md

- Upgrade MongoDB from 6.0 to 7.0.

### Fixed

> - The JenkinsJobRunsWithinTimePeriod metric ignored include and exclude filters. Fixes [#7172](https://github.com/ICTU/quality-time/issues/7172).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When measuring the number of job runs within a time period using Jenkins as source, filters to include and exclude jobs would be ignored. Fixes [#7172](https://github.com/ICTU/quality-time/issues/7172).
```
